README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img width="300" src="https://wsrv.nl/?url=res.cloudinary.com/rolangom/image/upload/v1747976918/routelit/routelit_c2otsv.png&w=300&h=300">
  <img width="600" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv/main/docs/static/cookiecutter.svg">
</p style = "margin-bottom: 2rem;">

---

[![Build status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv/main.yml?branch=main)](https://github.com/fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv/actions/workflows/main.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![Supported Python versions](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.9_%7C_3.10_%7C_3.11_%7C_3.12_%7C_3.13-blue?labelColor=grey&color=blue)](https://github.com/fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv/blob/main/pyproject.toml)
[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-gh--pages-blue)](https://fpgmaas.github.io/cookiecutter-uv/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv)](https://img.shields.io/github/license/fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv)

This is a modern Cookiecutter template that can be used to initiate a Routelit Component Builder with all the necessary tools for development, testing, and deployment. It supports the following features:

- [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) for dependency management
- Supports both [src and flat layout](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/discussions/src-layout-vs-flat-layout/).
- CI/CD with [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions)
- Pre-commit hooks with [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/)
- Code quality with [ruff](https://github.com/charliermarsh/ruff), [mypy](https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) and [deptry](https://github.com/fpgmaas/deptry/).
- Publishing to [PyPI](https://pypi.org) by creating a new release on GitHub
- Testing and coverage with [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.1.x/) and [codecov](https://about.codecov.io/)
- Documentation with [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/)
- Compatibility testing for multiple versions of Python with [tox-uv](https://github.com/tox-dev/tox-uv)
- Containerization with [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) or [Podman](https://podman.io/)
- Development environment with [VSCode devcontainers](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/containers)

---

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://fpgmaas.github.io/cookiecutter-uv/">Documentation</a> - <a href="https://github.com/fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv-example">Example</a>
</p>

---

## Quickstart

On your local machine, navigate to the directory in which you want to
create a project directory, and run the following command:

```bash
uvx cookiecutter https://github.com/routelit/rl-builder-cookiecutter-uv.git
```

or if you don't have `uv` installed yet:

```bash
pip install cookiecutter
cookiecutter https://github.com/routelit/rl-builder-cookiecutter-uv.git
```

Follow the prompts to configure your project. Once completed, a new directory containing your project will be created. Then navigate into your newly created project directory and follow the instructions in the `README.md` to complete the setup of your project.

## Acknowledgements

This project is partially based on [Audrey
Feldroy\'s](https://github.com/audreyfeldroy)\'s great
[cookiecutter-pypackage](https://github.com/audreyfeldroy/cookiecutter-pypackage)
repository.

Commit message:

Enhance project structure and documentation
- Added support for a new frontend setup using React, TypeScript, and Vite for routelit components.
- Introduced a new `RLBuilder` class for custom RouteLit components.
- Updated `cookiecutter.json` to include a Pascal case project name.
- Removed layout options from the template to streamline project structure.
- Enhanced README with detailed instructions for using the new frontend setup.
- Added ESLint configuration and TypeScript settings for better development experience.
- Included example components and a basic application structure for immediate use.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img width="300" src="https://wsrv.nl/?url=res.cloudinary.com/rolangom/image/upload/v1747976918/routelit/routelit_c2otsv.png&w=300&h=300">
  <img width="600" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv/main/docs/static/cookiecutter.svg">
</p style = "margin-bottom: 2rem;">

---

[![Build status](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv/main.yml?branch=main)](https://github.com/fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv/actions/workflows/main.yml?query=branch%3Amain)
[![Supported Python versions](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.9_%7C_3.10_%7C_3.11_%7C_3.12_%7C_3.13-blue?labelColor=grey&color=blue)](https://github.com/fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv/blob/main/pyproject.toml)
[![Docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-gh--pages-blue)](https://fpgmaas.github.io/cookiecutter-uv/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv)](https://img.shields.io/github/license/fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv)

This is a modern Cookiecutter template that can be used to initiate a Routelit Component Builder with all the necessary tools for development, testing, and deployment. It supports the following features:

- [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) for dependency management
- Supports both [src and flat layout](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/discussions/src-layout-vs-flat-layout/) (src layout is the default and suggested by Routelit, you can use the flat layout if you want to, but you will need to manualy make the changes to the project structure).
- CI/CD with [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions)
- Pre-commit hooks with [pre-commit](https://pre-commit.com/)
- Code quality with [ruff](https://github.com/charliermarsh/ruff), [mypy](https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) and [deptry](https://github.com/fpgmaas/deptry/).
- Publishing to [PyPI](https://pypi.org) by creating a new release on GitHub
- Testing and coverage with [pytest](https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.1.x/) and [codecov](https://about.codecov.io/)
- Documentation with [MkDocs](https://www.mkdocs.org/)
- Compatibility testing for multiple versions of Python with [tox-uv](https://github.com/tox-dev/tox-uv)
- Containerization with [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) or [Podman](https://podman.io/)
- Development environment with [VSCode devcontainers](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/devcontainers/containers)

---

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://fpgmaas.github.io/cookiecutter-uv/">Documentation</a> - <a href="https://github.com/fpgmaas/cookiecutter-uv-example">Example</a>
</p>

---

## Quickstart

On your local machine, navigate to the directory in which you want to
create a project directory, and run the following command:

```bash
uvx cookiecutter https://github.com/routelit/rl-builder-cookiecutter-uv.git
```

or if you don't have `uv` installed yet:

```bash
pip install cookiecutter
cookiecutter https://github.com/routelit/rl-builder-cookiecutter-uv.git
```

Follow the prompts to configure your project. Once completed, a new directory containing your project will be created. Then navigate into your newly created project directory and follow the instructions in the `README.md` to complete the setup of your project.

## Acknowledgements

This project is partially based on [Audrey
Feldroy\'s](https://github.com/audreyfeldroy)\'s great
[cookiecutter-pypackage](https://github.com/audreyfeldroy/cookiecutter-pypackage)
repository.
